Hi YouTubes! Welcome to a new tutorial!
I was sick for more than a week but now I’m almost better again so it was time for me to do a new tutorial for you
and today I want to show you the velvet nail manicure
and I wasn’t really sure if I was going to do this tutorial because
sometimes I see the velvet manicure and I don’t really like it, and sometimes I see pictures and think “hmm this does look good”!
So the only way to find out if I would really like it was to order it myself
and to try it out of course
And what I’ve ordered is this one, and this is the flocking powder from BornPrettyStore
and what I’ve noticed that I think it’s looks pretty classic if you use the darker colors, so the black, dark blue or the red one
so that’s why I like this one, but the lighter colors I don’t really like that much.
but of course that’s my opinion so use whatever color you like.
There are many colors that you can choose from and what you get is this little jar with flocking powder
and I already did my nails and as you can see it’s still full because you only need a little bit so you can make many manicures with this.
Also what you’re getting is this sort of tweezer thing, so it’s not an actual tweezer but it looks like it
you use this to apply the flocking powder onto your nail
and what I also got is this small brush
this is what you use to remove the flocking powder that’s on your skin, so this is really helpful.
and what I also have is of course a nail polish and use a polish that matches your flocking powder the most
you don’t have to use a polish that the exact color but use one that’s really close
and I’m using OPI Little Red Wagon
and those are the only things you need so lets take a look at the tutorial.
Make sure you have a piece of paper underneath your nail because It’s going to get a bit messy
I’ve already applied the polish one time.
Now I’m going to apply the second layer and I’m going to apply the flocking powder.
Make sure that you cover the whole nail
Now press the flocking powder onto your nail. Don’t press too hard but also don’t do it too soft because otherwise it will fall off later
so press it hard enough so it will stick into the nail polish
When you’re done remove all the excess flocking powder with the brush
So we’re not going to going to spill any flocking powder that’s on the piece of paper. We can just put it back and use it next time.
So when you’re done with all your nails this is the result
do you like it?
So for those who are wondering yes you can still wash your hands and yes you can still take a shower.
Because I’ve tried it and the flocking powder stays on your nail perfectly,
It just looks a little bit weird but it dries in a few minutes and then it’s back to normal again.
So I hope you enjoyed this tutorial and see you next time. Bye bye!